It's finally okay, you drink it.
Hey.
Boss.
Hey, come here, come here, how's it going?
Look.
Dear sister, let me introduce you.
This man is the First Grand Duke of Tang
Haha, okay, also my eternal big brother, today is my first time coming.
You must come with me.
Okay.
Young Master Tang
Have some wine.
Master Tang, what kind of girl do you like?
Male teenager
Wait a minute.
What's going on, boss?
I'm leaving.
It's too noisy, isn't it?
Let them go out to eat.
No.
The louder the better.
Hey, where are you?
You care about me.
What do you mean?
Didn't that happen to you that day?
Ah.
I made a wish.
After we get married.
We're going to have a son and a daughter.
You haven't contacted me since your birthday.
Who do you think I am?
Did you say you didn't return the goods yourself?
Right? I do what you want, you won't forgive me?
Two and a half years playing with your feelings, you're still right, aren't you?
I told you I'm at the Star River Club.
Drinking with the girls.
There's no time to talk to you
It's okay, contact the drift bottle.
Come here.
Who is this girl?
Come and play with us.
You hear that?
Haha, Tang Yu, you bastard.
I must marry you to your house.
Are you in Tien Ha?
You're waiting for me.